Update contexts for discovered hosts (#2958)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_automatic-contexts-for-discovered-hosts.adoc

[id="Automatic_Contexts_for_Discovered_Hosts_{context}"]
= Automatic contexts for discovered hosts

{ProjectServer} assigns an organization and location to discovered hosts automatically according to the following sequence of rules:

. If a discovered host uses a subnet defined in {Project}, the host uses the first organization and location associated with the subnet.
. If the default location and organization is configured in global settings, the discovered hosts are placed in this organization and location.
To configure these settings, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings* > *Discovery*, and select values for the *Discovery organization* and *Discovery location* settings.

> Ensure that the discovered host's subnet also belongs to the selected organization and location, otherwise {Project} refuses to set it for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the subnet of the discovered host also belongs to the selected organization and location, otherwise {Project} refuses to set it for security reasons.
```
Avoiding possesive as per the IBM style guide.

> . If none of the previous conditions exists, {Project} assigns the first organization and location ordered by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If none of the previous conditions are met, {Project} assigns the first organization and location ordered by name.
```

You can change the organization or location manually by using the bulk actions on the *Discovered Hosts* page.
Select the discovered hosts to modify and select *Assign Organization* or *Assign Location* from the *Select Action* menu.

Note that the `foreman_organization` and `foreman_location` facts are no longer valid values for assigning context for discovered hosts.
You still can use these facts to configure the host for Puppet runs.

> To do this, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings* > *Facts* section and add the `foreman_organization` and `foreman_location` facts to the *Organization fact* and *Location fact* fields.

Author: This is set by default, probably.
If that's the case, I would prefer to delete this whole paragraph.
Agreed?

Reviewer: I agree.
